1. Given an array and a number K where K is smaller than the size of the array. Find the K’th smallest element in the given array. Given that all array elements are distinct.

Find number of Employees Under every Manager
Given a directory that contains mapping of employee and his manager as a number of (employee, manager) pairs like below.
{ "A", "C" },
{ "B", "C" },
{ "C", "F" },
{ "D", "E" },
{ "E", "F" },
{ "F", "F" }
In this example C is manager of A,
C is also manager of B, F is manager
of C and so on.

Two Sum: Given an array of integers nums and an integer target, return indices of the two numbers such that they add up to target. You may assume that each input would have exactly one solution, and you may not use the same element twice.

Shuffle a deck of cards. Pick top card, bottom card, 12th card, 28th card etc.

Create an online library and pick books based on labels.

Reverse String: Write a function that reverses a string. The input string is given as an array of characters char[].

Remove Duplicates from Sorted Array: Given a sorted array nums, remove the duplicates in-place such that each element appears only once and returns the new length.

Merge Sorted Array: Given two sorted integer arrays nums1 and nums2, merge nums2 into nums1 as one sorted array.

Palindrome Number: Given an integer x, return true if x is palindrome integer. An integer is a palindrome when it reads the same backward as forward.

Valid Anagram: Given two strings s and t, return true if t is an anagram of s, and false otherwise.

Plus One: Given a non-empty array of decimal digits representing a non-negative integer, increment one to the integer.

Find the Duplicate Number: Given an array of integers nums containing n + 1 integers where each integer is in the range [1, n] inclusive. There is only one duplicate number in nums, return this duplicate number.

Given a binary array and Q queries. Every query consists of a number K, the task is to print the number of ones and zeros to the left of the index K.